COMPANY LEAVE POLICY
Effective Date: January 1, 2025
Last Updated: June 1, 2025

1. ANNUAL LEAVE
All full-time employees are entitled to 24 days of paid annual leave per calendar year. Leave accrues at the rate of 2 days per month. New employees are eligible to take annual leave after completing their probation period of 3 months. A maximum of 5 unused leave days may be carried over to the next calendar year. Any leave beyond 5 days that is not used by December 31 will be forfeited.

2. SICK LEAVE
Employees are entitled to 12 days of paid sick leave per year. Sick leave does not carry over to the next year. For absences of 3 or more consecutive days, a medical certificate from a licensed physician is required. Employees must notify their direct manager and HR within 2 hours of their scheduled start time if they are unable to work due to illness.

3. MATERNITY AND PATERNITY LEAVE
Female employees are entitled to 26 weeks of paid maternity leave. Male employees are entitled to 4 weeks of paid paternity leave. Maternity leave can begin up to 8 weeks before the expected date of delivery. Adoptive parents are entitled to 12 weeks of paid adoption leave regardless of gender.

4. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE
Employees are granted 5 days of paid bereavement leave for the death of an immediate family member (spouse, child, parent, or sibling). For extended family members (grandparent, in-law, aunt, uncle), 3 days of paid bereavement leave is provided.

5. PUBLIC HOLIDAYS
The company observes 10 public holidays per year as designated by the corporate calendar published in January each year. If a public holiday falls on a weekend, the preceding Friday or following Monday will be observed as the holiday.

6. LEAVE WITHOUT PAY
Employees may request unpaid leave for personal reasons after exhausting their paid leave balance. Unpaid leave requests must be submitted at least 2 weeks in advance and are subject to manager and HR approval. A maximum of 30 days of unpaid leave may be taken in a calendar year.

7. LEAVE APPLICATION PROCESS
All leave requests must be submitted through the company's HR portal at least 5 business days in advance for planned leave. Emergency leave requests should be communicated to the manager immediately and formalized in the HR portal within 24 hours. Managers must approve or deny leave requests within 2 business days. Leave requests during blackout periods (quarter-end closing, annual audit) may be denied based on business needs.
